README.md, before:

# React Quiz SPA

A quiz app about your React knowledge. Developed as a simple vanilla React Single Page Application (SPA).

## Live Demo

Checkout the [Live demo hosted on Netlify](https://react-quiz-typescript-app.netlify.app) and try out your React knowledge!

| ![App dashboard](/screenshots/Screenshot-1.jpg 'App dashboard') | ![Bookings Page](/screenshots/Screenshot-2.jpg 'Bookings Page') |
| :-------------------------------------------------------------: | :-------------------------------------------------------------: |

## App description:

This is quiz app that lets users race against time while they answer multiple choice questions about their React knowledge.

Each correctly answered question awards the user points. The app allows users to:

- Answer quiz questions choosing answers from a pre-defined set of choices
- Earn points for each correcly answered question
- Race against time to finish answering all the questions in the quiz
- Compare themselves against their previous highest score

## Libraries and features

- Global state management using React's [Context API](https://react.dev/reference/react/useContext) and [useReducer](https://react.dev/reference/react/useReducer)
- Built using [Vite](https://vitejs.dev)
- Quiz questions are fetched from a local file but are set up and ready to be fetched from any API.
- No external library dependencies apart from [react and react-dom](https://github.com/facebook/react)

## Forking and cloning

This project is ready to work out of the box after cloning/forking and running `npm install` on a terminal window running in your app directory.

## Context

This is one of the intermediary projects for the ['The Ultimate React Course 2024: React, Redux & More'](https://www.udemy.com/course/the-ultimate-react-course/) completed February 2024.

I wrote all of the React code for this app, always writing code before watching the taught content of the module.

After the end of the course, I converted the app to TypeScript as a practice and made the app styles responsive and mobile first.

The styles for this project as well as proposed HTML markup were provided by the course instructor [Jonas Schmedtmann](https://codingheroes.io/).

Commit message:

update readme and decrease the time per question

README.md, after:

# React Quiz SPA (TypeScript)

A quiz app to test your React knowledge. Developed as a simple vanilla React Single Page Application using TypeScript.

## Live demo

Checkout the [live demo hosted on Netlify](https://react-quiz-typescript-app.netlify.app) and try out your React knowledge!

| ![App dashboard](/screenshots/Screenshot-1.jpg 'App dashboard') | ![Bookings Page](/screenshots/Screenshot-2.jpg 'Bookings Page') |
| :-------------------------------------------------------------: | :-------------------------------------------------------------: |

## App description

This engaging quiz app lets you test your React knowledge in a fun and fast-paced way! Answer multiple-choice questions within a time limit, earning points for each correct answer. Challenge yourself with a set of 15 React-related questions and see how well you score compared to your previous attempts.

Bonus: This project utilizes TypeScript to enhance code maintainability and catch potential errors early in the development process.

The app allows users to:

- Answer questions from a pre-defined set of choices
- Earn points for each correcly answered question
- Race against the clock to answer all the questions in the quiz
- Compare their score against their previous highest score

## Libraries and features

- Global state management using React's [Context API](https://react.dev/reference/react/useContext) and [useReducer](https://react.dev/reference/react/useReducer)
- Built using [Vite](https://vitejs.dev)
- Written in TypeScript
- Quiz questions are fetched from a local file, but the code is set up and ready for data to be fetched from any API
- No external library dependencies apart from [react and react-dom](https://github.com/facebook/react)

## Forking and cloning

This project is ready to work after cloning/forking and running `npm install` on a terminal window running in your app directory.

## Context

This is one of the intermediary projects for the ['The Ultimate React Course 2024: React, Redux & More'](https://www.udemy.com/course/the-ultimate-react-course/) completed February 2024.

I wrote all of the React code for this app, always writing code before watching the taught content of the module.

After the end of the course, I converted the app to TypeScript and made the app styles responsive and mobile first.

The styles for this project as well as proposed HTML markup were provided by the course instructor [Jonas Schmedtmann](https://codingheroes.io/).
